Job Description:
[
Role: Portfolio Manager
Company: Statkraft
Description:
[
Job Description:
Statkraft is the largest generator of renewable energy in Europe and an established participant within the various US environmental commodities markets. As part of the Origination department, the Origination team sources and manages a long-term portfolio of third-party renewable energy contracts and environmental commodities. This portfolio usually consists of Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) and long-term sales contracts with a variety of large customers and trading partners, and standard offtake contracts. As a Portfolio Manager within the Origination team, you will be responsible for supporting the existing team with your individual strengths. Depending on your area of expertise, you will be responsible for an area of the business, (e.g. market execution, risk analysis, new commercial ideas, etc..) and support the existing team on the remaining components of Portfolio Management including working closely with originators You will lead through your expertise and commitment to collaboration.

As a generalist PM, you will be responsible for or support the following:
Work closely with the business and various departments across the business to provide daily pricing advice, forecasting and support regarding standard pricing and special conditions.
Along with the team, build and maintainStatkraft’spower marketportfolio (PJM-focus initially)
Work closely with originators for new deal origination, structuring andpricing.
Develop both quantitative and fundamental view of relevant environmentalmarkets (including risks related to managing an intermittent renewableportfolio) along the entire curve, liaising closely with team members andanalysis functions to share know-how and market views.
Optimize the value of the US portfolio in the long-/mid- and short-termmarkets via OTC and screen trading, develop trade recommendationsthat enhance portfolio returns within the limits of the mandate.
Work closely with existing portfolio managersto identify all cross-commodity opportunities and risks, while being ableto report a comprehensive view of the US portfolio.
Constantly improve modelling tools and optimization approach, activelyshape the set-up of state-of-the art portfolio management infrastructureand procedures.
Interact with credit, operations, and trading teams as necessary toadvance transactions.
Develop and maintain strong relationships with proprietary tradingteam, creating an atmosphere of collaboration and information sharing.
Assess and translate competition, industry trends, emerging customerchallenges, and changes in the marketplace into market strategies andproduct offerings.
Take care of day-to-day administrative issues related to the portfolio.

Qualifications:
5+ years’ experience within
Strong fundamental analysis, risk management,and market pricingexperience
Excellent quantitative and analytical skills;experience pricing structured, non-standardcontracts in powermarkets.
High degree of analytical thinking and problem-solving. The ideal candidate must be able to troubleshoot and resolve issues of quantitative, qualitative, and structural variety.
Communication Skills
Entrepreneurial
Attention to Detail
Personal Integrity 
Team Player
]
]