Job Description:
[
Role: Application Manager - Treasury
Company: Meta
Description:
[
Description
About the job:
Meta’s Enterprise Product team is responsible for building integrated, scalable, and robust enterprise applications. We are currently looking for an experienced, insightful, forward-thinking Application Manager with a strong ability to design and execute products and solutions that power the enterprise.As a valued member of this team, you will be working with Treasury teams to deliver Enterprise Treasury Management Systems or custom-built solutions to improve operational efficiency, consistency, and compliance in support of business objectives.

Application Manager - Treasury Responsibilities:
Support, provide subject matter expertise for FIS Quantum Treasury Management System.
Manage and maintain FIS Quantum related configuration, including Quantum Enterprise Workflow(EWF)
Manage and maintain FIS Echos related configuration
Define strategy and manage Treasury systems roadmap aligned with business and company objectives.
Actively work with Treasury, Finance XFN and internal engineering teams to align product strategy, and influence FIS product roadmap.
Design, build and deliver scalable treasury processes and solutions. Translate business requirements into product capabilities to scale global treasury processes.
Lead and assist in managing treasury technology projects.
Define, instrument and track relevant product goals and success metrics to continually measure and uphold high quality solutions.
Support treasury, accounting, audit and finance teams during period close and audits.
Work with product design and engineering teams to prototype, design and build products on Meta’s internal tech stack.
Define processes to monitor FIS Quantum integrations with Oracle Cloud Financials, internal products, vendor applications and external entities to ensure systems are operating properly.
Onboard and participate in new legal entity launches for ensuring local treasury requirements are supported by FIS Quantum.
Develop and maintain a well-coordinated internal relationship with key decision makers and with the wider enterprise engineering organization.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
7+ years hands on experience with configuring, implementing and scaling Enterprise Treasury applications scaling Cash Management, Bank Reconciliation, Foreign Exchange, Intercompany and Investment Management functions. In-depth knowledge of leading Enterprise Treasury systems product footprint and technology architecture.
Subject matter expert in Treasury and Intercompany processes. Experience in implementing in-house banking for scaling treasury operations globally.
Experience in integrating Treasury applications with third party tools (ERP, Bloomberg, SWIFT, Banks, Custodians, etc.)
Experience visualizing the big picture impact of enterprise structure changes on Treasury and Accounting end to end processes.
Effective execution focus and navigate through complex business problems independently.
Collaborate and influence cross functional teams on process optimization. Guide business partners and internal teams on making right product and process decisions.
Product management mind set and experience to leverage data to prioritize and solve business problems.
Understanding of FIS Quantum integration capabilities (web service / APIs) for ERP or other 3P integrations.
Knowledge on writing SQL script in Oracle and Microsoft SQL and MySQL databases.

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with FIS Payment Hub.
Understanding of design and use of web services & related standards (REST, SOAP, xml, json).
Vendor Management experience.
Project Management experience delivering multiple end to end implementations.

]
]