Company: BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.

Job Title: Vice President, Trading

Location: 400 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA 94105

Job Duties: Work closely with senior traders and mortgage investment team to provide best execution for systematic and indexed fixed income teams. Primarily support order workflow and execution of MBS instruments covering Specified Pools, TBAs, Dollar Rolls, Specified Pools and matching interest rate hedges. Provide effective execution of structured derivative (‘package’) trades for maintenance and hedging needs, as well as to gain exposure to duration, curve, spreads, and volatility. Work closely with mortgage investment and PM teams to assist with trade structuring and maintenance to achieve efficient execution with strong feedback loop in terms of liquidity constraints. Provide insight into market activity and disseminate market intelligence and flow information, engaging with the sell-side and providing input on counterparty relationships. Work both independently and with other BlackRock teams to develop technology to improve workflow and analysis across the Agency MBS platform. Hybrid Work Available – 4 Days In-Office, 1 Day Remote – Must be able to report to local office.

Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Financial Mathematics, Economics or related field and five (5) years of experience as a Financial Quantitative Analyst, or related role. Must have three (3) years of experience with: Ability to use programming and database tools and software including Python, R, VBA, and SQL for financial analytics and modeling; Developing, testing, and implementing prepayment modeling, financial derivatives modeling, option-adjusted spread (OAS) analysis, and scenario analysis for MBS Pools, particularly for pricing and risk assessment; Fixed Income securitized and rates valuation trading across cash and derivatives markets; Mortgage specific pool markets, including valuation, settlements and delivery process; Agency MBS market structure and market risk factors; Interest rate and pipeline hedging; Implications of current and future MBS market regulation rules; Tradeweb; Experience with trading platforms and counterparty market databases; Managing interest rate risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk; and Understanding of Value at Risk (VaR), stress testing, and hedging strategies.

To apply, please click “Apply” on this webpage.

For San Francisco, CA Only the salary range for this position is USD$170,700.00 - USD$210,000.00 . Additionally, employees are eligible for an annual discretionary bonus, and benefits including heath care, leave benefits, and retirement benefits. BlackRock operates a pay-for-performance compensation philosophy and your total compensation may vary based on role, location, and firm, department and individual performance.

Our Benefits

To help you stay energized, engaged and inspired, we offer a wide range of benefits including a strong retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive healthcare, support for working parents and Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about.

Our hybrid work model

BlackRock’s hybrid work model is designed to enable a culture of collaboration and apprenticeship that enriches the experience of our employees, while supporting flexibility for all. Employees are currently required to work at least 4 days in the office per week, with the flexibility to work from home 1 day a week. Some business groups may require more time in the office due to their roles and responsibilities. We remain focused on increasing the impactful moments that arise when we work together in person – aligned with our commitment to performance and innovation. As a new joiner, you can count on this hybrid model to accelerate your learning and onboarding experience here at BlackRock.

About BlackRock

At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.

This mission would not be possible without our smartest investment – the one we make in our employees. It’s why we’re dedicated to creating an environment where our colleagues feel welcomed, valued and supported with networks, benefits and development opportunities to help them thrive.

For additional information on BlackRock, please visit @blackrock | Twitter: @blackrock | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock

BlackRock is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity to all applicants and existing employees, and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity/expression), sexual orientation, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, marital status, political affiliation, religion, citizenship status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. View the EEOC’s Know Your Rights poster and its supplement and the pay transparency statement.

BlackRock is committed to full inclusion of all qualified individuals and to providing reasonable accommodations or job modifications for individuals with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation/adjustments are needed throughout the employment process, please email Disability.Assistance@blackrock.com. All requests are treated in line with our privacy policy.

We recruit, hire, train, promote, pay, and administer all personnel actions without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), sex stereotyping (including assumptions about a person’s appearance or behavior, gender roles, gender expression, or gender identity), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, military or veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable law. We interpret these protected statuses broadly to include both the actual status and also any perceptions and assumptions made regarding these statuses.BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law.