Job Description:
[
Role: Index Fixed Income Muni Portfolio Manager, Associate
Company: BlackRock
Description:
[
Description
About this role:

Your team:
The Index Fixed Income team has responsibility for managing Blackrock’s Index Fixed Income portfolios, including Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) and mutual funds. The team liaises closely with many areas of Fixed Income and is responsible for ensuring that Fixed Income portfolios are managed effectively and in a consistent and risk-controlled manner. BlackRock’s Index Fixed Income (IFI) business is the leading index investment engine in the world. We help investors build better portfolios with the industry’s leading suite of index investment tools. We manage over $1.5 trillion in global index fixed income assets across Global Developed and Emerging Markets. IFI includes BlackRock’s iShares product line. With a global footprint, strong client orientation and an innovative product range, the fixed income suite sits at $700 billion in assets and over 380 Fixed Income ETFs. Our clients include corporate and public pension plans, central banks, sovereign wealth funds and retail investors.

Your role and impact:
You will be a member of the Municipal Index Portfolio Management team, managing a suite of Municipal ETFs and mutual funds, including National, Short, California, New York and target-maturity funds. As portfolio managers, we contribute to and influence investment decision making, and exercise critical judgement across asset and sector allocation, instrument selection, implementation methods, and trading decisions.
You will actively contribute to the investment outcomes for over $50 billion in municipal assets, and the development and implementation of new products by providing your insights and expertise on municipal credits and supporting portfolio management functions across the investment grade municipal space. You will have the best in portfolio management technology and a team of colleagues working with you to achieve BlackRock’s mission to provide superior investment products to our clients. Portfolio managers are relied upon by our partner groups to share their knowledge including with our client facing teams, ETF markets teams, technology, compliance, and risk management.

Job Description:
Proficient in managing a portfolio of municipal securities; focused on managing duration and credit risk in 40-Act funds.
Coordination of information and trading strategy among the Portfolio Management team.
Utilize technology and analytical tools to enhance processes and create scale.
Assess relative values across the investment grade municipal universe, implement investment recommendations and maintain credit surveillance processes.
Leverage liquidity sources for both taxable and tax-exempt municipal bonds, constructing trading baskets for ETFs, and monthly fund rebalance activities.
Working with index providers to correctly build and maintain index constituents.

Qualifications:
BA/BS is required.
CFA Charter holder designation or advanced degree a plus.
3+ years trading or portfolio management experience with tax exempt municipal bonds.
Strong technical skills with an interest in technology solutions related to portfolio management and trading.
Excellent verbal and written communication, collaboration, and relationship-building skills
Meticulous attention to detail with an ability to remain focused across a wide range of portfolio types and activities.
Strong process awareness and ability to address operational risk issues.
High degree of professional discretion, integrity, and judgement 

About BlackRock:
At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being.  Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.
This mission would not be possible without our smartest investment – the one we make in our employees. It’s why we’re dedicated to creating an environment where our colleagues feel welcomed, valued and supported with networks, benefits and development opportunities to help them thrive.
BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer.  We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law.
BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law.
]
]