Job Description:
[
Role: Valuation Specialist
Company: Colliers
Description:
[
Position Overview
Who You Are:
You have experience in commercial real estate and providing high-quality property valuations. You enjoy providing service excellence to clients and leverage technology to make yourself more efficient. Company culture is important to you, and you work to grow your relationships and share your ideas to create better processes and procedures. As a Valuation Specialist, you will be focused on producing thorough reports, fostering client relationships, and consulting with them to find the best solutions. You’ll work closely with management to further develop your expertise and professional development plan. Each day, you will promote and advocate Colliers’ brand in the local market, articulating its value through superior customer service to its clients.

What You Bring:
5+ years of related work experience.
Preferred educational requirements to perform the job Bachelor’s degree and advanced appraisal class curriculum completion.
CRE experience/ background to perform the role is required
Active Certified General Real Estate Appraiser license.
Team player mentality with excellent communication skills.
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications.

Bonus Skills And Experience:
The ideal candidate will have five (5) or more years of direct financial reporting and tax valuation experience.
Certified General Real Estate Appraiser required; MAI Designation preferred.
Big Four and boutique real estate valuation firm experience recommended.

What Success Looks Like:
Execute valuation and appraisal assignments (financial reporting, purchase accounting, Net Asset Value, periodic reporting, tax, lending, etc.) for corporate clients, REITs (publicly traded & non-traded), pension funds, open and closed-end funds, lenders, etc.
Proven ability to perform valuation assignments independently, with minimal managerial influence.
Collaborate with other Team members across geographies to deliver exceptional client service and results.
Communicate with clients and foster new and existing client relationships. Demonstrates an ability to originate new client relationships.
Expertise in discounted cash flow (Argus and MS Excel), Sales Comparison Approach, Cost Approach, and Highest & Best Use.
Considerable experience with ASC 805 and other US GAAP and IFRS accounting standards.
Independently gather data pertinent to the engagement through direct client interaction, including personal & telephone Interviews with Brokers and Property Managers.
Reviewing industry surveys and benchmarks, economic and demographic trends.
Assisting with preparing and presenting the results of our analysis clearly and concisely.
]
]