Job Description:
[
Role: Quantitative Research Analyst
Company: Franklin Templeton
Description:
[
What are the responsibilities of the Research Team?:
The Research Team is focused on understanding what drives security returns.  Our research is a scientific process using the combination of statistics and computer science applied to finance.  The guiding philosophy of the firm is Learn, Build, Share, Repeat. The research team is dedicated to this evolutionary cycle.

What are the responsibilities of the Quantitative Research Analyst?:
Work independently or as part of a small team to conduct investment research. Projects involve running simulations of investment strategies to determine after-tax effects. Projects may also include identifying, measuring, and implementing potential improvements to any aspect of OSAM’s investment process. The typical research cycle includes: [Identifying investment signals to study, new strategies, or potential improvements to existing signals/strategies.Integrating required data into our Research Platform, including structured and unstructured data sources. The role is data intensive, and the ideal candidate will thrive managing large volumes of data. Feature engineering. Building and tuning linear and non-linear security selection models. Integrating security selection methods into OSAM’s portfolio construction framework. Supporting and enhancing tax-lot optimization for best after-tax results.]

Ideal Qualifications:
Candidates will have demonstrated an ability to generate ideas and see them fully through a research cycle, knowing how to prioritize and work collaboratively.  Some experience with risk modeling, optimization, transaction costs and/or quantitative profit construction preferred. 
Degree in Computer Science, Software Development, Engineering, or other Sciences
1-5 years' relevant experience
Practical experience in computational methods like regression, natural language processing, optimization, etc.
Experience in quantitative equity research is preferred or general investment management experience
Strong coding skills in Python, C# and SQL
Strong knowledge of relational data structures
Ability to communicate effectively
]
]