About the job
Requisition Number: 112269 - 11

Description:

In this ever-changing market environment, our professionals must be adaptable and thrive in a collaborative, team-driven culture. At KPMG, our people are our number one priority. With a wealth of learning and career development opportunities, a world-class training facility and leading market tools, we make sure our people continue to grow both professionally and personally. If you are looking for a firm with a strong team connection where you can be your whole self, have an impact, advance your skills, deepen your experiences, and have the flexibility and access to constantly find new areas of inspiration and expand your capabilities, then consider a career in Valuation.

KPMG's valuation professionals provide clients robust and informed guidance on valuation matters across multiple sectors, deal stages and business needs. We determine fair (market) value of equity shares, assets or complex financial instruments for mergers and acquisitions, financial reporting, tax and other regulatory standards. Our engagements include providing pre and post deal Purchase Price Allocations (PPA), Impairment Testing, employee or management incentive scheme valuations and recurring fund valuations. As a member of our diverse team, you will help high-profile clients understand, analyze, and respond to complex business opportunities and challenges. You have the opportunity to develop your career through a range of multifaceted engagements, formal training, as well as informal mentoring. At KPMG, we put our culture and values front and center. There is nothing more important than investing in our culture because it's an investment in our people, our future, in who we are, and what we stand for.

KPMG is currently seeking a Manager, Complex Securities to join our Valuations practice.

Responsibilities:

Manage multiple engagements relating to the valuation, auditing and structuring of complex financial instruments, in the context of financial reporting, tax as well as mergers and acquisitions
Use advanced financial engineering, mathematical, econometric and statistical techniques, including Monte Carlo simulation and lattice models, to perform, manage, and review valuations of complex financial instruments including contingent consideration, put/call deal structures, stock compensation, warrants, financial derivatives (equity, interest rate, FX, commodity, credit, inflation), embedded derivatives, debt, insurance contracts, convertible notes and other hybrid instruments
Effectively control / present / document / support complex securities valuations to various stakeholders, including superiors, clients, auditors and regulators
Develop, review, validate, document, and enhance models to be used by the complex securities practice to perform valuations
Understand, research, and stay-current with authoritative guidance and industry best practices in the context of valuations for financial reporting, tax, and litigation purposes
Assist in the management and growth of the national complex securities team - including recruiting, training, annual performance reviews and go-to-market initiatives; build a book of business, including both non-audit and audit clients, that is sustainable and recurring, based on strong client and internal relationship networks, highly competent technical expertise, experience and professionalism 

Qualifications:

Minimum four years of recent experience in the valuation of complex financial instruments; experience in consulting preferred
Bachelor's degree with a focus in financial engineering, computational finance, applied mathematics, statistical or equivalent quantitative discipline from an accredited college or university; Master's or higher degree preferred from an accredited college or university
Progress toward the coursework and/or testing requirements for an approved complex securities professional designation must be demonstrated; progress is defined as being registered for an approved complex securities professional designation; approved complex securities professional designations include: Certified in the Valuation of Financial Instruments (CVFI), Charted Financial Analyst (CFA), Financial Risk Manager (FRM), Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Professional Risk Manager (PRM), Fellow of the Society of Actuaries (FSA) / Fellow of the Casualty Actuarial Society (FCAS), or equivalent actuarial designation, Accredited in Business Valuation (ABV), Accredited in Business Valuation (ABV), in addition to others on KPMG's approved credential listing; any individual who does not possess at least one of the approved designations/credentials when their employment commences, has one year from their date of hire to obtain at least one of the approved designations/credentials; should you like to see the complete list of currently approved designations/credentials for the hiring practice/service line, your recruiter can provide you with that list
Experience with stochastic models used to value complex financial instruments within a risk-neutral framework and experience valuing financial instruments including fixed income securities, interest rate and equity derivatives

KPMG complies with all local/state regulations regarding displaying salary ranges. If required, the ranges displayed below or via the URL below are specifically for those potential hires who will work in the location(s) listed. Any offered salary is determined based on relevant factors such as applicant's skills, job responsibilities, prior relevant experience, certain degrees and certifications and market considerations. In addition, the firm is proud to offer a comprehensive, competitive benefits package, with options designed to help you make the best decisions for yourself, your family, and your lifestyle. Available benefits are based on eligibility. Our Total Rewards package includes a variety of medical and dental plans, vision coverage, disability and life insurance, 401(k) plans, and a robust suite of personal well-being benefits to support your mental health. Depending on job classification, standard work hours, and years of service, KPMG provides Personal Time Off per fiscal year. Additionally, each year the firm publishes a calendar of holidays to be observed during the year and provides two firmwide breaks each year where employees will not be required to use Personal Time Off; one is at year end and the other is around the July 4th holiday. Additional details about our benefits can be found towards the bottom of our KPMG US Careers site at ' Benefits & How We Work '.

Follow this link to obtain salary ranges by city outside of CA:

https://www.kpmg.us/work-for-kpmg/pay-transparency.html/?id=M321B_3_24

KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please.

KPMG does not currently require partners or employees to be fully vaccinated or test negative for COVID-19 in order to go to KPMG offices, client sites or KPMG events, except when mandated by federal, state or local law. In some circumstances, clients also may require proof of vaccination or testing (e.g., to go to the client site).

KPMG recruits on a rolling basis. Candidates are considered as they apply, until the opportunity is filled. Candidates are encouraged to apply expeditiously to any role(s) for which they are qualified that is also of interest to them.